Good morning, family, or good evening or
wherever you are. Thank you for joining
me again tonight. We're going to pray,
but I want to go over what the Lord
showed us yesterday in prayer.
I haven't had
an experience like that ever on a live.
You know, I have dreams, I have
visions, that the Lord shows me quite a
few things,
but never like that where
when I'm praying,
I feel like I'm
leaving.
And last night,
that's why I told
Diana,
"Pray for me. Lay your hand on
me,"because
it brings me back into reality a
little bit. It snaps.
When I go into the spirit like that,
I'm able to see so far. There
are
sometimes when I'm going in, I can see
the years. I can see so
much detail. I can smell things.
It's heavenly.
But at the same time, when you're in the
natural, it
has a tendency to freak your
flesh out a little bit is what I want to
tell you.
I don't know how else to describe it
than
it makes your flesh—because the
spirit is more real to me than the
natural body.
Our spirit realm is
more real than the natural realm.
And people, if you learn to tap into
it and get in with the Holy Spirit and
walk with him,
he'll show you the things to come.
But I'm telling you, the other
side is just as real and more real
than this realm.
And when you start to get over and
look over and see what God is
doing,
it's beautiful
and you go, "Wow."You know, I long for
the day Jesus Christ comes and gets us.
But I'm going to go over because a lot of
people go, "Brandon, you okay?
What's
that all
about?"Well,
to try to explain the supernatural
in some things is like trying to
explain a hot sandy beach to
an Eskimo.
You don't. It's
real hard
because the Eskimo has no
idea what it's like to feel the tropics.
He's only used to igloos and
cold weather.
So,
where do I start?
I saw 2027. I saw the storm, but I
saw the prophet, Kim Clement,
and he was interceding for America,
but he was playing on the
other side. It
was glorious, but he looked so young.
I told
Donna
through a text earlier
his skin looked like he had Botox. His
skin had no wrinkles. He
looked
so fresh and clean. His
shirt was red and he
looked
so pressed and like a
dry-cleaned
shirt. Everything looked
so perfect. His hair was perfect and
long just like it always was when he was
on the earth. But he was playing a
keyboard
that was like a
plastic keyboard like we have here like
a Yamaha or whatever,
like a nice keyboard, but he was playing
that keyboard and he was interceding
and praying for America.
But remember, do you all remember
whenever I had the vision of
Lynn
Hammond's sister Lucy and
Rachel Tefatiller
and Jeannie
Wilkerson and they were
sitting on the quilt and all that and it
was the glorious time that I saw that
they were praying, interceding with
brother
Halverson?
This was similar to that.
But as he was praying,
there was this huge cloud
behind him
with lightning that was going around
him and he was prophesying, but I
couldn't make out what he was saying. He
was
declaring and he was speaking over
America.
And as he was playing his keyboard,
you could feel the glory. I was watching
him, but he was not moved by what was
around him. He was focused on the task
at hand in his heavenly body.
And I thought,
"What in the world am I
seeing?"But
I was looking and I saw 2027,
2028.
And I asked Donna, I said,
"Did your dad say anything about
2027?"and
she sent me the video and
I've been watching it since she sent it
and the anointing on this clip is
amazing as he's playing.
But it wasn't about 2028,
but I thought it was interesting
as I was interceding and we were praying
for our nation.
The Lord showed us so much, but I
want to get to what the Lord showed me
today
as I was driving around. I went out and I
was
getting—you
know, I like to
feed the deer in our neighborhood. The
deer like to come and
eat the corn.
So I put corn out and things for them
because
I like to get them to come up close
to the house
because
I like to watch them.
And the Lord spoke to me and he
started talking to me about the Supreme
Court justices.
And he said to me, "Brandon, I
told you
I was giving this nation a window of
opportunity
for a great wealth transfer.
You pray into their decision
concerning the tariffs
and the finances of
America."And
I said, "Lord, what happens if it
doesn't
come to pass? What
am I looking
at?"He
was so stern with me. He
said, "It will come to pass. You speak
into it.
There are no ifs and buts about it
in the spirit realm with me. You say to
the mountain, 'Be removed.'We will as a
nation have revival. We will as a nation
have a
wave of the finances for the
outpouring of the glorious church to
fund this gospel and get it promoted
around the world.
We will be victorious."He said, "You
speak to it.
There is no plan B.
You speak to it."He rebuked me for
having
a mealy mouth, you know, like, "Oh
Lord, what happens if it doesn't
happen?"He
said,
"You speak."He corrected me.
And he said, "America must—you must,
Brandon—this
must take place
for the glorious outpouring for a window
of opportunity."And I'm not trying to
yell. It's just when the anointing
starts coming on me, you have to deal
with it. Turn your volume down.
I
just get tired of all of
it.
This is what he said to me:
"I saw the wave. I
told you you would have a wave.
It will be a short-lived wave and there
will be gold on
them."He
said, "Fill your pockets,
for a great storm is coming,
but I will always provide for my
beloved
Brandon."There
is a storm coming, church, but
it's not yet.
He said, "Pray for Donald Trump,
Brandon.
I'm using him for this
season."And
the enemy would want him removed.
His life is in danger. You must pray for
him.
The enemy doesn't want him to
live long and finish
strong, to finish his assignment on the
earth. And he's not done yet.
And the Lord strictly told me
today when I was out doing what I was
doing, "Brandon,
you need to intercede for him. It's the
church's
responsibility."And
I saw a financial outpouring still
concerning
certain metals
and cryptos,
concerning certain
foreign currencies.
Like I said, I'm not a financial
adviser.
I cannot come on here and
tell the body of Christ what to do because
I can miss it just like
anybody else can. I'm human.
And I want to tell you when you see in
part and hear in part,
we're all works in progress. I
want to tell you that, but when it comes
to this, you need to pray about it for
your own family and what God is telling
you to do. It's not my job.
So I want you to intercede for
these things because the Lord said to me,
"This is part of the outpouring.
The wealth
transfer is part of the
end-time
harvest. Do you
understand? And I'm giving you a
window."And
he said, "Brandon, you're
already one year into that
window."And
he said, "What will you do with the
time that I have given
you?"for
an hourglass was filled up a little
bit more.
"What will you do with the time? I've
extended the time for the church
for this
window."And
I saw the wave. I saw the
finances. I saw the blessing. But it's
all connected. And that's like what I
was hearing today.
The enemy would try to put a kink in the
hose.
No more delays.
It's called
a divine reversal. It's time for the
supernatural divine reversal in your
finances,
a supernatural blessing on your
household.
You see, the enemy is fighting because he
knows his time is short. Just like it
talks about in Revelation, the
enemy knows. He knows, he sees. We went
over two videos ago that his time
is short,
but the finances are his wheelhouse.
And that was when we went into the wars
and all the things that he's trying
to do. But the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm
giving you a window. Do you
understand? But you have to be a
contender that fights for it. You have
to pray. You have to not have this 'well,
whatever will be, will
be'attitude."David
didn't have a "whatever will be,
will be"attitude with the Goliath that was
standing in front of him.
You know, "Lord, if you
deliver me, you deliver. If you don't, you
don't. The giant's pretty
big;
I guess if he takes my
head..."He
didn't have that. What did he have?
He had a bulldog faith. He said, "Who is
this that tries to defy the armies
of the living God? This uncircumcised
Philistine?
Who is this?"But David went after
the giant and took his head. He didn't
have a plan B;
he
was all in.
And
he went after that giant with those five
stones. Those five,
in case, maybe probably just to
give him a little comfort thinking,
"Well, if I miss him the first time,
I've got four more times to hit
him."But
either way, he's going down.
But it was the first stone
because he did it by faith.
And I want you to understand, the Lord
said to us,
"I'm making you the head, not the
tail."And
he spoke to us and said, "Speak
to the seeds of your ancestors.
The seeds that they sowed that
lie dormant in the ground, that they
never claimed, they never
harvested. They never spiritually
claimed them.
They gave to people. They gave to
ministries. You know,
even a thousand years of
generations,
I don't know. Just believe
God for a supernatural harvest, that through your
generational bloodline you reap
the
harvest."I'm
believing God for big. There's
family members who don't know that
they have a covenant and God will
provide for them.
But every seed produces after its own
kind,
and I'm laying hold to it for the
generational seeds, for the generational
blessing.
Regarding
Abraham's generational blessing:
"I'll bless your generation—a thousand
generations or more."Look at how
the Lord said that he would even bless
Abraham's lineage.
As much as the sands or the stars,
the blessing was on him. And
the Lord said he's no respecter of
persons and what God will do for one,
he'll do for another. I believe that
I am Abraham's seed;
I am part of that lineage.
Don't you believe with all your heart
that this is going to be the biggest
end-time
harvest of souls we've ever seen
before?
It's time to believe God and have stretch
marks, is what I'm trying to tell
y'all.
It's time to have spiritual stretch
marks, to believe him for the
supernatural, to believe him for the
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think.
And I know
that
if the tariff thing doesn't get passed
by the Supreme Court in the next couple
days, we will see this 1930s-style crash.
I just believe it.
I saw Donald Trump in that canoe
trying his hardest to not let the
economy go over the edge
for the greatest—I've told you
concerning that last October, not
this last October, the one before. He said, "My
people have prayed, Brandon. I'm giving
you extended time."And I saw the dam,
the economy, and all of it was cracking.
And the Lord said it will
be worse than the 1930s on steroids.
For this generation doesn't even know
how to
plant a garden.
This generation doesn't even know how to
hunt. This generation doesn't know how to
fish. A lot of them
are
used to going to
McDonald's and getting it "have it
your way."But what
I am
trying to tell you is that what
I have seen is worse than the 1930s. I
saw people rioting and pillaging the
rich and the middle class, stealing
whatever they wanted because there were
tent cities everywhere and they didn't
have enough money even for prescription
medicines,
and people were acting a fool just in
little towns.
You thought COVID was bad, when
they were
stealing toilet paper and acting the way
they did.
I saw a 1930s-style crash that was worse
than anything you could ever imagine.
And there was rioting, pillaging,
and even farmers trying to
pick
people off at 50 yards,
trying to protect their
homestead. This is not what we want
in America.
And if we don't stand as the body of
Christ with a backbone like a crowbar
and pray for our nation and get us this
window,
it's all on us. Even Brother Hagin
said, "If the church doesn't stand,
what we see in the nation is because the
church didn't
stand."Did
I say that right?
Yeah.
Sometimes it comes out and I go,
"Okay,"because
Brother Hagin always talked
about that when there were frogs coming
up—he
had a vision, and he saw
these frogs. It was during
Nixon, whenever Nixon had
Watergate,
and
it was all during that time frame.
And Brother Hagin was interceding for
America, and he said any kind
of things that happen in our
government is the church's fault if we
don't take our authority and we don't
pray
that God would hold us accountable.
And Brother Hagin went into all of it
and had his prophetic word. One time
I'll
probably find it and Diana can
read it to you.
But I just want to tell you all,
you've
got to believe God for big.
There's a reprieve. God is giving us the
opportunity for a reprieve and for
blessing on this nation.
But the enemy doesn't want it to happen.
And we must contend and fight and say,
"No, we will be walking in the blessing.
We will have what God has for us and we
will reap what we've sowed."The goodness
of God is on us. And I'm telling you,
goodness and mercy will follow us. And
that's what the Lord told me. He said, "You
pray for those Supreme Court justices to
make the decisions for the
tariffs
to balance the economy, to do the things,
because right now there is no plan
B."And
most people don't want to hear that.
"Well, what happens if it doesn't
happen?"Well, the
"what
if"is
you better have a stockpile of food.
That's what I would say. What
if—in
my opinion, and I'm entitled
to my opinion.
You know, people say, "You told me to
buy food."I ain't telling you to
buy nothing.
I ain't telling you to stock nothing.
That's on you. If you feel
you're supposed to do that, you do it.
If not, don't. I don't care what you do.
I'm not responsible for you; I'm
responsible for my family.
I'm here to tell you what I see and
what I pray over.
You do what you feel God has
called you to do.
My mom was telling me about some wheat
and stuff that she's doing and making
bread
and all kinds of stuff. People
have all kinds of ideas by the Holy
Spirit because of what they're feeling
in their insides. You just have to be
following what the Holy Spirit tells you
to do.
If he tells you to buy wheat and make
bread, then buy wheat and make bread. If
he tells you to have a tower garden,
have a tower garden.
It's like when Mary spoke to
the people at the
marriage feast and she said, "Whatever
he tells you to do, do
it."Everyone's
circumstance is going to be
different.
It's not all cookie-cutter. If you
live in New York—I can't even
imagine living there—but if you do and
God's called you to be there,
it's
going to be a lot different than what it
is in Alabama,
or in Texas out in the panhandle.
It's a lot different in the panhandle of
Texas than it is in New York. I
can assure you, in Pampa
or any of those towns out there,
it's just an
oil
field town. You go
through there and think, 'Wow,
you see
tumbleweeds.'But
everybody tries to think
about
what it's going to be like in Miami. I
have no idea. I went to Miami and
couldn't wait to get out of there.
I was looking at my
rearview
mirror; I went halfway,
felt what was going on there, and said,
'Get out of here.'I turned around
and went back up to West Palm Beach.
Being real,
I said, 'God, we're getting out of
here
quick.'Okay,
let's go back and be
serious. I've got ten minutes;
I
talk
too much.
What did the Lord show me last night
concerning Donald Trump?
I saw him at a ballroom party,
celebrating. He had a
tuxedo on
and
they were all dressed up. He had
a goblet, like a glass, in his hand.
I did not see anybody putting
anything in his glass.
I don't add to or take away from
anything in a vision. I saw a glass in
his hand and it was focused on
that
glass.
I don't want to add to
it; as
I said, if you add to it, you get flaky.
This is what I saw: I saw him
holding the glass
and then I saw him having a massive
heart attack.
I saw something wrong with his heart.
I saw
the waitstaff.
I don't know what happened between
the glass, the goblet, and him or why he
would do this, but he was holding it. Now,
all the doctors say he's okay, but he was
holding a drink and
the vision was focused on
that cup.
The Lord said, 'Pray over his food.
Pray over his drink. Pray over the
parties.
Pray over him as he has these
get-togethers.'Instantaneously,
you can add to it and
say, 'Well, that's probably they're going
to try to poison him.'I don't know;
that's not what the Lord said.
All I saw was a cup with gold,
the drink, the food, and
the party where everybody
was
dressed up, and then I saw him taking it
to his lips
and he went down.
Does
that mean there is poison in his
glass? I don't know. I can't
answer that. But the Lord said, 'Pray over
his
drink.'So
that's what we do.
Then I saw
Don Jr. again
with the white outfit on with flashes and
him being shot in the chest.
I saw them praying over his son
at a party or event again.
That's when the Lord said to
pray for
the Secret Service and
their attentiveness. Even at a
party,
pray for their attentiveness,
watching the crowd and his
surroundings, praying for protection
over him and his family.
So that's what we
do—interceding
for Donald Trump for him to
live long, finish strong, and finish
what God has called him to do. No
weapon formed against him
or his children will
prosper
because it would cause great grief and
he would not be able to function. I'm telling you, I've seen
the outcome of what happens if his
son was
fatally wounded.
The Lord said to me, 'You must pray
for his children's
safety.'He
was so grief-stricken he
could not function for the rest of the
term
because
he was grieving so much for
the
loss of his son. He was
hardly
able to walk.
I saw Melania, and I remember
telling
you all I saw his daughter
dressed up in solid black and they were
going to the funeral
service at that
church
by the White House;
it was like a big church service.
There
were
people from
everywhere. I saw him walking down,
he got out of the
Beast,
and he was walking
to the funeral
service.
He was weeping.
He could not keep himself held up;
they were helping him walk.
It was awful.
So when I have a vision
that clear, I've not
stopped
interceding for the protection of Don
Jr., Kai, Eric,
Barron,
Tiffany,
and
Ivanka,
that God's hand would be on their family
and on his marriage.
So that's what we do.
I saw an attack against his
buildings more than once now.
I keep seeing them trying to
attack his main
attractions—his
Trump
towers, hotels, and golf
courses—and
just interceding because of plans to try
to rob him financially
and
cause a distraction to this nation
by
hurting his assets.
I take my job
seriously,
I continue to do my job, and I do it
well.
I
say that with all
glory to Jesus.
I feel like that's what the Lord has
called me to do.
I'm so thankful that 5,600 of
you take this
seriously
enough to come on at 9:49 at night and
pray with me because
there's fruit in it. We
must pray for our TSA.
I saw an attack against them during the
holiday season,
specifically around Thanksgiving.
I saw a
black
carry-on bag with
something
inside which I
cannot describe on a
livestream,
but
we must pray over
American Airlines, United, and Delta, or
any other airlines that would
be distracted because they don't have
enough employees to search all the bags.
They
are
trying to push people through
because of the holiday rush, and
people
are
distracted with the onslaught of all the
people. We
must pass a budget for the safety and
security of this nation.
The nonsense of the political
tug-of-war of who's in
charge involves these
RINOs
in our country.
They must be
voted
out.
Thank God Nancy Pelosi
resigned today.
'Bye,
Felicia.'She
should have retired
ten
years ago.
Now we just have to
pray for the righteous person
who
fills her position and is
not a Jezebel.
We're going to pray for our nation.
I want to show you this
clip of what we are dealing with
concerning
these radicals trying to
infiltrate our country. Most
people have their head in the sand.
I didn't even see this
until this video. My son said, 'Daddy,
you need to see
this.'Watch
this real quick before we pray. It's
getting through
Congress. Before
it was
by the
sword, but
now it's getting into
parliament and
making laws that act as the sword,
like
the Islamophobia law in Canada, M103.
The
Muslim Brotherhood
says
there are only two things
open to their movements:
ballot or bullet.
I used to say that democracy is haram.
Now I say participation in democracy is
our jihad. We're going
to fight not through bullets, but the
ballot. Voting is now an
obligatory action and it is a
jihad that needs to be done.
In the United States,
in
the
last election, there
were
over 800 Muslim candidates
running for office. We may end up with
about 50 members of Congress in the next
six
years. And that's really the essence
of dismantling
the system of injustice:
to replace it
with the people who represent the
Prophet sallallahu
alaihi
wasallam.
Do you see? Was that the only
one? No, there's another one.
There's
another one. Okay. But that
should
shake you.
It's not just about America.
This is about Australia. This is about
England. This is about infiltration.
So go back to what I saw
concerning the Tribulation.
When the Lord Jesus took me out of
my
body and I went to the future and went
to the Tribulation with Him.
You will be
required to worship
the Mahdi on Fridays in
single-file
lines
and white outfits
to a major screen, worshiping the Mahdi,
and he is a Muslim. And I've warned you
over and over again that Sharia
law will be placed all around the
world.
It will be all over the place, and
everybody will be required to get the
mark of the beast in their forehead or
in their hand and have a
one-world
currency that will all be to the
chip. You
require it,
and it makes you
different.
I've warned over and over about
this.
But as you see,
this is the beginning of the stages of
getting it ready for the
end-time
beast system.
You don't just start all at once. It's
a slow fade,
but it's happening right
now. Look around you. Did it show all of
them? Can you play that clip now? Oh,
this is the last one, and then we'll
start praying
about
who is actually taking over our offices
here in America.
Can you start at the
beginning?
So we know what happens whenever we have
all our brothers and sisters in
Africa who are
facing
genocide by the Muslims, all
killing our Christian brothers and
sisters in Nigeria. They're being wiped
out and slaughtered like it was with the
Jews in the Holocaust.
That's what I'm talking about. It's
radicalized, and it is a slow
fade. It's just a little at a time.
Like the man said, 'We're not going
to fight with bullets anymore; we fight
with politics and
ballots.'And
I go,
'It's modern.
How do we do it? We come in with our
Sharia law. We come and take over
your
country.'And
I go, 'Well,
that's pretty brilliant, isn't it,
if you have an
agenda?'So
people say, 'Well, Brandon, that's hate
speech. You're just full of
hate.'I'm
not hating on nobody.
I want all to get saved and
come to the Lord Jesus Christ. I don't
want anybody to burn in hell.
But I'm here to tell you, we must stand
as Christians and be believing
believers and not have our head in the
sand as things like this are going on
around us. And you go, 'Well, it's
okay.'No,
it's not okay. You must stand
because we occupy until He comes. What
does it matter? We're all going to the
Rapture.
You don't know when the Rapture of the
church is coming. It may be 20 years
from now. We don't know. We
watch the signs of the times and where
we are, and you can feel
an urgency in your spirit.
I have dates that I'm praying about,
but what if those dates come and go and
we're still here? How many people before
us all believed that He was coming and
He didn't come when they thought He
would?
So what I'm trying to tell you is we must
wake up and occupy the land. Do not
allow the enemy to get a stronghold on
it and then wait until it's
too late and go, 'Well, I didn't realize
how bad it was getting, and now it's too
late and you're fighting for it.'Just like
they are in England.
If you say anything against them,
they're throwing you in jail for
two
years.
With digital IDs coming and all the
things, I go, 'Oh, heavens, no. We're not
doing that
here.'So,
all right. Well, let's pray.
I try to bring
people to reality and go, 'Look around.
Look what's going
on.'We
must pray for our Supreme Court
justice to support him to have this
so we back our economy.
What were the main four doors?
Two videos.
I saw four doors. Four black doors.
Every single door was not lit up
with power yet.
But as I was praying,
a door with gold coins fell out and it
started rolling down like this. And I saw
silver behind it.
Then I hear from
Braden today, Alex Jones said
he had a special guest on there:
700 million ounces
of silver—the
order from China to the UK
for their products did not get
fulfilled. 700 million ounces of silver did
not get
fulfilled.
And he was predicting in his opinion
that silver would hit $75 an ounce to $140
by spring
because of the shortage of silver and
people hoarding back silver. Now, that
was on his show, and I thought that was a
very interesting quote because the Lord
showed me, in my opinion, that silver
would hit
$75 quickly.
And I saw in all the things that I'm
praying
about—now,
you know,
take it for whatever—then gold hit
over 10,000 eventually. But I thought it
was interesting the things when I'm
praying, I'm having these visions and I'm
seeing what I'm seeing. Not financial
advice. It's just interesting that
the things that I have prayed about for
years
are now being talked about in mainstream
media.
And the only ones that know this stuff
are
my son, my wife, and my daughter.
I talk about it in the car: 'This
is what daddy sees
coming.'I
see a storm coming with another plague
that's worse than COVID ever thought
about being. I see a 1930s-style crash.
I see people homeless. I see these
things. And I say all this not to scare
you, but to prepare you for what I
see coming. And people say, 'Well,
you've seen stuff before.'Yes, I
have.
But the Lord keeps giving us more time.
And He says, 'Brandon, I'm
giving you more time. I want you to pray
for
this.'And
I'm like, 'When is the time up?
When are we going
to see it? Where are we at in
the scope of things?'And that's what
I've been praying into. But He said,
'I desire for my church to have more
to pay off their houses and their
stuff.'And
I said,
'You're a good God, Lord.
Who am I to ever question or go, "Well,
why? I need this to happen now. I
don't like being patient for the
anointing and patient for
things."'Like
when I popped off one
time,
I
remember
I was in
front of a
McAlister's,
and I was getting some tea for my
daughter,
and the Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm calling
you to the healing ministry and I'm
calling you to all
this.'And
I smarted off and I said back to the
Lord, which is really stupid,
I said, 'If you're calling me, then
can you not hurry it up? What does
it take for my character to handle it?
Put me through the pressure cooker,
basically, and let's get this thing
going.'I'm
tired of talking about it
sarcastically like an idiot.
That was a wrong thing to ever say.
You know,
that's why I try to warn you. People
always say, 'Well, you know, I'm tired of
waiting on God to get things done in my
life.
I'm ready for this to happen
now.'When
your character is ready to
handle it, you'll have it.
I learned a
valuable lesson that day.
God's not on my time schedule.
Duh.
But when you pop off things and it's
from your heart, He's like, 'Well, okay,
big boy. You think you can handle
it?'If
you don't have the
character to handle what God has for you
and you start being like that and you
say, 'Well, Brandon, I'm ready. I want you to hurry
up. Do what you got to
do.'Be
very careful what you ask for
and how you ask for it.
God's a gracious and merciful God,
and He'll give you what you can handle
when you can handle it.
And
that's concerning the anointing.
It comes by
the refining fire.
And I have a list of all the scriptures.
And I'm not real good with
memorizing things. I try real hard and I
pray over my mind all the time that I
have the mind of Christ. But
with
things
like names, Diana has to help me all
the time.
It's things that I overcome.
But you know what? I'm getting better.
But I want to tell you this. When you go
through, when you go through the fire,
you come out, and on the other
side of it, that's whenever you're able
to handle it.
Make me better. Make
me pure
by the fire that does refine.
Where the breath of God is sweeter,
there his brightest glory shines.
lift me high up to the mountain
into fellowship
with thee,
and in that light I'll see the fountain
of his blood that cleanseth thee. That was a song that Jesus sang to Lynn. And I meditate on that. Make me better, make me pure, by the fire that does refine. Where the breath of God is
sweeter, there his brightest glory shines. Lift me high up to the mountain into fellowship with thee. And in that light, I'll see the fountain of his blood that cleanseth thee. Then,
she said he sung it to her three
times.
It comes by refining.
A lot of people don't
want to be on the potter's
will.
He's the potter.
We're the clay.
Mold us and make us each day.
And as we're on the the potter's
will,
it's the pressure from the potter's hand,
the slight pressure that molds that pot
into something beautiful.
And then he puts you through the fire.
And it's the fire that draws of the
impurities and does the things that it
does to get it a hard.
It's like I have this guy, Edward.
He's a master potter and he sends me
things.
He talks about his pottery
classes. He teaches pottery at
college
and
how
the potter put the glaze on it.
It's a process.
It doesn't go from a lump of clay to the
glaze really quickly. It's a process and
it's a continual pressure. It's a
continual
movement. It's beautiful as it
spins on that wheel.
But I believe with all my heart
that
every single one of
us go through the potter's
wheel. But if we remove ourselves off that
wheel, saying, "God, I don't like
this process. It's uncomfortable. I
don't like the way you're pushing on my
flesh. I don't want you to change me
that way.
But he's looking and saying, "But if
you just let me push right here,
I'll make you into something even more
beautiful.
If I can just take my hands and do this
and pull you up like this,
I'll make you into something even
taller."But
either way, the process is
long,
it's painful.
Dying to self
is like Paul said, I die daily.
And most people in the body of Christ
don't allow the process of the potter's
wheel. I was living
across the street near my
grandmother
for 20 years
mowing her grass,
picking up her limbs and the Lord would
not allow me to leave.
I said "Lord this is terrible. We're in
an
800 square foot house,
but
five people. I share a bedroom with
my daughter.
I have no privacy with my wife ever.
Ever. I have a little girl that sleeps
in here. No privacy". The
Lord said
"Year after year,
do what I ask you to do.
Take care of this lady across the
street.
Mow her grass. pull her weeds.
Do what I've asked you to do". Never got
paid for none of it.
Say, "Well, you live for cheap, whatever,
living across the street from
your
grandmother."Year
after year after after year.
And the Lord told us that on a in at the
Christmas time,
he came to me. He said, "If I told you to
live here five more years, would you do
it?"because
eBay was doing better
and I could buy a house then
do something more for my family.
Lord said, "Would you do what I
asked
you to do even if
even if if I know you have the money you've
been saving back to buy something?
Would you stay here
for five more years if I asked you
to?"I
was mowing the grass
and it was with without even a hesitation.
I said, "Father,
whatever you ask me to do, I'll do it.
Whatever you ask me to do, I'll do it.
My flesh don't like it because there's mold
in here. It stinks.
I got snakes crawling up through my
floor because it was so
bad."But
I said, "Whatever you ask me to do,
I'll do
it."And
at that point,
the next morning, I woke up and he said,
"You're
released."I
wanted to see if you would obey me
at all costs. Even if it was at but even
if your flesh was screaming
because
I came to Diana that night
and I said, "The Lord asked me if I would
spend five more
years."And
she said, "Baby,
we've already been 20. What's five more?
Whatever the Lord says to do, we'll do
it.
And for her,
sharing a bed with with our with our
with our six-year-old up on top and us
on the bottom
was just one of those things you just go.
But whatever it takes,
I'll do it.
So I tell you all this is whenever he
said to me, "I want you to clean
bathrooms until I tell you to quit and
you stop complaining."I I
I clean
those toilets for 13
years.
90 toilets.
90 toilets three times a week.
And I did it every single time. He said,
"And I and then I I complained a
lot."And
then he said, "Stop
complaining."And
and I said, "Why stop complaining
with my mouth?"He said, "I'm not
looking at your mouth anymore. I'm
looking at your heart.
And until you stop complaining with your
heart, I'm not releasing
you."I
said, "I'll be here until I die.
I hate this job
and I cannot stand these people because they
are lukewarm.
But I will do what you ask me to do,
Lord, even unto death.
If I'm here until I die, whatever.
I'll clean these bathrooms. And I did it
for five more years.
And one day
I was in there cleaning and he came to
me and he said, "You're
released."I
said, "From
what?"I
said, "I don't mind this
anymore."He
said, "Yeah, I know.
You can go.
I have more for you to
do."And
I my hands and my my hands and all
my stuff was so callous from all the
chemicals for all the years. Always in
there
cleaning the rugs and cleaning the
floors. And I I remember looking up at
the ceiling in that church and I wept
because I knew that my time was done
cleaning.
But what I'm trying to tell you all is
is the process
to the anointing is not always easy.
when my daughter was diagnosed with
autism
and there and it was awful
and still is some days.
I said I when I I said, "Lord, why do I go
through
this?"She's
severely autistic, was not potty
trained for until she was until she was
17.
And I remember when she'd have her cycle
and clean up all this stuff and and all
the things that I go through on a
day-to-day basis with her and I and and
I and I look at the process.
It's the process that molds you.
God did not make Megan autistic.
my stupidity
for getting the vaccinations and not
knowing that I I have underlined things
that I overcome
that it was something generational like
even what Billy Burke was showing
that sometimes is strongholds things
that you is generational and he went
through things and talked to us you
know
that's
some private things but you know
I
um
the process makes you better is what I'm
trying to tell you.
But I know where I'm at right now and
and where I was. I I I used to dream to
be able to talk to y'all and pray and
lead these prayer services
as I would lead prayer at the church I
was at.
And I would listen to uh Gina and and
Pastor Terry and all them. And I'd listen
to them and and and and learn and
listen and listen and listen and listen
and listen to uh these people. And I
cultivate that inside of me.
I cultivate it inside of me continually.
Father, you're you're the you're the
potter. I'm the clay.
And so I bring all this to you
today is that is that there's a lot of
you that that that God has put his hand
on you and you and and I bring this up
for a purpose.
But there's a process that
you've got to yield to.
And if you don't yield to it and die to
yourself, you'll never get off that
potter's
will.
We go
from glory to glory.
Now
I'm still on the potter's wheel,
but now it's dealing with people bashing
me with emails and the comment sections
and dealing with public scrutiny
like you would not believe.
And
I'm learning that the Lord said, "I want
you to pray for them and love them even if
they talk trash about
you."You
want me to what?
My flesh instantaneously wants to
retaliate and defend myself,
but he said, "I want you to die to
that."And
if they email you, don't even
respond.
Walk in love.
Love takes no account of a suffered
wrong.
If they look crosseyed at you in the
store
and you're afraid they're
going to spit in your drink because they
know who you are,
just pray for them. You would not
believe.
But I look at it now and I just
say, "Hey, you don't really know me.
You may think you do because you watch me on
the internet,
but you don't understand the death
threats and the things that
happen."I
just keep going.
And
when police tell you to shut your
mouth and things are—you're saying too
much or
whatever—I'm
dead to it and I have
to keep following him regardless.
It's at a different level.
But all those levels of
submitting to a boss that I could not
stand—you
have to go through the
process that got me to where I
am
right now is what I'm trying to tell
y'all.
And if I would have skipped out on that
part of the potter's wheel back there, I
wouldn't be able to handle where I'm at
right now. It would have destroyed me.
Diana
always talks about it.
She goes,
"Brandon,
I've seen the process of what God has
done with you even as a young man
clear back when we first
met."It's
been a process, a process.
Even with her, you know, it's
amazing.
But most people don't want to hear that.
They want microwave results. Like I said,
you want to put a demand on God and
tell him, "You do what I tell you to
do."Like
the waiter at the restaurant:
"I need my drink filled right now.
Well, I'm not giving you a good tip. You
have
terrible service up in
here."In
a hurry to go nowhere.
Honking at a red light—where
are
you going? And when you get
to the destination where you're going,
you walk around your car and you're not
in a hurry after you get there, but
you're blowing your horn at somebody
sitting through a red light and
you
have no grace, no patience.
And you're sitting there blaring on your
horn and you're looking at them going,
"Well, where are you in a hurry to go?"Well,
you get
to Walmart and you're
sitting in
the parking lot waiting to get out of
your car.
What? What was the hurry? You're all freaking
out about what? To go where?
It's just human nature. We want
what we want when we want it.
But I've learned through the power of
when you pray in the
spirit and you're doing what we do on
this channel.
And I say all this to close
is that God's timing is God's timing.
And he is in full control and
he's sovereign and he's beautiful.
He's amazing.
And I pray into things time and time
again. And you think, "Where's the wealth
transfer? Where's the blessing at? I
want my crypto to go up today,
Brandon."I've
prayed and I don't understand. I've
given up on God. "XRP
should have gone up a long time ago,
brother."And
you go,
"But if it did, would you have spent it
all?
What would you have done with it?
What would you have done with it if that
would have happened?
Where would you be with God? Would your
marriage still be intact? Do you have
the character to handle a million
dollars?
Do you have the character to handle 10
million
or would it destroy
you?"A
lot of you can't even handle $10,000,
and you say, "Well, you know, I've got an
extra
$10,000."And
you go, "Well, what did you do with
it?"I
just try to be real with you because
I hear him.
And the more I become closer to him,
he's so patient
and he's never in a hurry about
anything. He's that still small voice
inside of you. Taste and see that the
Lord is good.
Be still and know
that he is God.
There's a stillness. There's a peace.
And when you talk to him
and you're jabbering all the time,
that's why I try and teach you all about
the flow of the spirit. When you're
praying in tongues and you're listening
and you're saying these syllables,
there's an
anointing on certain things and you
groan this out and you pray it out.
It's more than just having
motorboat tongues
where
you're like a motorboat
just
flipping your mouth all the time and
you're just praying in tongues.
But there's levels of prayer,
intimacy,
and
the prophetic. That's why I
told you there's too many prophetic
voices that are in the static
and the Lord said do not add to
that.
These prophets—there's a lot of
them. He said, "You hear them down
here, Brandon; they're all down here
clucking
with the chickens,
but I desire for them to come up
higher."They
have great giftings on the inside
of them.
They just need more refining.
The gift is there.
It's waiting to
be unwrapped. They're walking in a
part of it,
not the full manifestation.
And already
it's
attractive to the world's eye,
but it's not polished enough. Where are the mature sons of
God? That's what my mom would
say. Where are
all these people? Where are the
mature sons of God? I look at it and
I go,
they're orphans.
They're fatherless. There
are
not a lot of spiritual fathers
right now.
Because of the lack of spiritual
fathers, they're not trained right.
They're not doing right.
And that's why I try so hard to stay
underneath a covering,
even if I don't
agree with some things they say.
And I say, "Okay,
I'm going to do this and die to
myself."You
show up on Wednesday, you show up on
Sunday, and you do what you have to do.
Even if you don't always agree with
everything they say, do exactly what God
has told you to do.
It's dying to
self.
No matter how big your platform gets
or how much you think you are,
it's dying to self and
following the voice of God and the
instruction of God. Even if it makes your
flesh scream,
I am dead to me; I do what he asked me to
do.
"I want you to go to prayer on Sundays. I
want you to do these
things."Okay,
fine.
Do you understand? It's not hard
things. A lot of times it's just because
it's just something he's asked you to
do. "I want you to
exercise."Okay,
fine.
I've been exercising,
taking walks.
And I'm like, "I don't like
walking."It
makes you swell
up; your fingers get swollen.
But Lord,
I'm trying to keep you alive. You
have a call to finish.
You're too fat.
You've
got to get weight off.
I know.
Everybody has something.
So, I try to help you with what I've
got.
All right. Too long. But I
felt
like
it was what the Holy Spirit said to say.
So we pray for our Supreme Court
justices.
And
then
I'll say this,
there's people that are believing for
more influence, a bigger church, a bigger
platform, and you don't handle what you
have. That's why he's never increased
you.
You've got to handle where you are so
that he increases you and you
don't hurt the sheep. If he's afraid
that you'll
hurt the sheep, he won't give you more.
I have right now on all my
channels over a million people
following me all the time now.
A million.
Brandon has a million people with
TikTok and X, Facebook, and Instagram,
and what was the other?
China. All my other channels. I have
over a million people follow me on a
day-to-day basis.
A million. Brandon
Biggs,
I just feel like that's over the top for
me, man.
But I've never wanted to hurt the
people.
Never asked you for a dime.
Never asked for money. Never. I refuse
to be the status quo.
My job is to tell you that Jesus Christ
is coming. And he said, 'Brandon, if you
ever look to my people for money, if you
ever do this, the platform will
die.'And
I've done exactly what he's asked me
to do.
Never ask for a dime. Freely you've
been given, freely you give it out. And
he said, 'And I'll take care of
you.'And
you know what? He has.
But so many people look at the body of
Christ as a money ticket.
And the Lord said, 'Never do it. I'm
done with those days.'And if
you want to be used by me, you will only
look at me.
And all the others, you will see the
platforms that never do what they're
supposed to do,
searching for partners, searching for
things, searching for all. He
says,
'Stop it.
Look at
me.'And
because I've done that, I've been
obedient.
And the Lord's blessed me.
I never look at that;
I just look at him.
You know what I'm after the most?
Accuracy and the anointing.
Let's get this thing done so we can get
out of here.
I have seen the other side,
and there's nothing—even the most
beautiful place on this
earth—that
compares to the glory that awaits us on
the other side.
You can go to Switzerland, you can go to
the
Swiss Alps, and I go
on those walking tours on YouTube and
look at the people walking and I go,
'That is so beautiful.'But it's nothing
compared to what you're about to see
when you go home.
Who cares? Ferraris, Lamborghinis,
yachts, planes. I don't care about
Gulfstreams,
Falcons, whatever. You can have it.
And if the Lord blessed me with one,
I'll use it for the gospel.
But it's not a focus.
I just want the anointing.
I just want him.
And in him, I'm telling you, everything
else will be met.
People lose track of what's
important.
I think it's amazing when you see
these people come in and they tell me,
'Brandon, I've been bound by all this
and you prayed for me and I got
free.'It's
been amazing to see that. I get
the emails. I got healed.
We had people get healed whenever
I
call that out about the colon.
People tell me, 'Brandon, I'm not
constipated
anymore.'And
you go, 'Well, praise the
Lord.'I
expect a miracle.
I expect God to show up when I tell you
I see these things. People say, 'Were you
saying that to
me?'I
don't know. Somebody asked me,
'When you talk about the raven going,
was that for
me?'I
don't have a clue.
All I know is that the Lord shows me,
tells me, 'Say this. It's for the
body.'And
when you have
150,000 people watch it,
it could be for a multitude
of
people.
Attach your faith to the word of
knowledge and say it's for me. I receive
it for me.
How bad do you want change in
your life?
It's not the spiritual lottery
where
you're calling out something and
go, 'Well, if I don't receive
it...'No,
I receive whatever he has for me. I
lack no good thing.
Creative ideas to get wealth, whatever
it may be. I lack no good thing.
I'm talking more
tonight than I usually do.
Maybe I do, I don't know. Whatever.
But there you go.
Father, I just thank you,
Lord, for your body that was broken for
us. And we thank you that we're going
from glory to glory.
He's changing us
into
his likeness and image to
perfect in me the love of God shown
through
the world.
For
he's changing me from earthly things to
the
heavenlies.
Hallelujah.
I believe it.
He's changing you and he's changing me
from glory to glory.
Thank you, Lord, for the body.
Lord, I thank you, Father, that you
died and you rose again on the third
day
and that we don't have to have sickness
and disease in our house.
Father, even when we see it and
the devil tries to fight us with
sickness, Father, I thank you, Lord. I'm
not moved by what I see or what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
And he said, 'By my stripes, you are
healed.'Regardless
if you're battling high blood pressure,
high blood sugar, low blood sugar,
whatever it may be, cholesterol issues,
you might have
plaque in your arteries,
I believe I receive my healing and
wholeness and wellness in the mighty
name of Jesus. And we take the body
that you died for us that we might be
healthy, whole, and well.
You died for us to walk in abundance,
Father: mentally, emotionally,
physically, financially. You said,
'Beloved, I wish above all things that
you prosper and be in health even as
your soul
prospers.'And
Father, I believe that we're
prosperous in our soul,
our minds, our wills, and our emotions.
And tonight, we're walking from
glory to glory in a greater
level of the anointing.
Father, I thank you, Lord, in
Jesus'mighty
name. Amen.
Now, Lord, I plead the blood over
the visions, over everything. If you
show me anything, if you don't, that's
fine, too.
Father, I thank you Lord
for the blood.
And we make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of us.
I apply the blood of Jesus over this
house, over my finances, over my
children, over my wife. I plead the
blood over our house, over
everything, Father, that no weapon
formed against us is going to prosper.
And I thank you Lord that your blood
covers us. I thank you Lord that you
wash us in your blood and you make us
clean. No sin, no sickness,
everything. Father, you took it all.
Thank you Lord
that we walk in that
abundance of life.
And we thank you Lord for that which
is to come as the blessing of the Lord
on the church, on the
ecclesia. Father, that we are the
glorious church without spot or wrinkle
and that we will be that church that we
need to be. And we thank you, Father, in
Jesus'name.
We plead the blood.
Do
you believe it?
Do you believe Jesus paid the price for
you? Do you believe that
you walk in victory over sickness, over
disease?
You have to be a believing believer
and not a doubter. I'm a believer, not a
doubter. I'm an overcomer by the blood
of the lamb and by the word of my
testimony. I believe that I receive the
bountiful
harvest of whatever thing Jesus
has for me.
I believe I receive it in the name of
Jesus.
And we give all the glory, honor, and
praise to our Father.
All right. So, we're going to go. Who
wants to go tubing now? I'm sorry it
took so long, but I said what I felt the
Holy Spirit tell me to say. There's some
of you need to know this.
I have a lot of new faces, a lot of new
people that have no idea who
I am and where I come from.
Hey, will you move
that up so I can go get your mama real
quick?
She said, 'After you get finished
talking, I'll pray with
you.'I
would like it very much if you pet me
now.
It's the toy.
It's so creepy. Hi, squirrel. You never get
by me, squirrel.
Hi,
everybody.
I love you,
Diana.
I
love
you all.
Okay. Well, I snatched her
out—she
was studying Kathryn Kuhlman
and I said,
'Get over
here.'You
can't be watching Kathryn Kuhlman
right now.
She said, "I'm feeling my spirit
up."I
said, "Okay,
okay."Glory
to God. Father, I thank you
for my friend. She comes and
prays with me.
She said, "I don't have
any makeup."I
don't care. Come on,
let's go,
I'm here.
No Kathryn Kuhlman right now. You watch
Kathryn Kuhlman later.
You want some water?
I'm okay.
Father, we just thank you for
this time. Whatever you want to show us,
Father, you show us.
And Lord, we dedicate our time
to you.
Man, my watch is off.
I thought it was...
I was like, whoa. This
one hadn't
been set back yet.
And I said, I wore this all day
long. I didn't even notice it.
What's wrong with me, Brandon?
You got to fall back, boy. What's going
on? I was like, hold on a minute, it
can't be that late already, is it?
It's almost midnight. I was like,
Brandon, you would talk way too long.
Glory to God.
Father, we worship you.
We give you praise and we give you glory
and we thank you for the church. We
thank you for your holy
written word. I thank you that the Lord
is good
and his mercy endures forever. For the
Lord, he is good and his mercy endures
forever. For the Lord, he is good and
his mercy endures forever. And great is
your faithfulness to us, Lord. Great is
your faithfulness to us. For you are good
and your mercy endures forever. Great is
your faithfulness to us, Lord.
We're not moved by what we see. We're
not moved by what we feel. We're moved
by what the word says.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
She got her t-shirt on from Brother
Hagin. I love that sweatshirt. Isn't
Jesus wonderful?
Kenneth E. Hagin. Our church makes that.
I love that.
It's my favorite. They have a red one
and a brown one.
I love it. And all the proceeds went to
the youth.
So, glory to God.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the
blood.
We make much of the blood,
and thank you, Father, the blood makes
much of us.
I plead the blood over our house, over
us. We cover our angels around us,
Father, as we see that we're
uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force.
Oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all I seek.
And when
your eyes
are on this child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
Oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all
I seek.
And when
your eyes
are on this child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
Jesus,
what a wonder you are.
You are so gentle,
so pure and so kind.
You
shine
like a bright morning star.
Jesus,
what a wonder you are.
You are so gentle,
so pure and so kind.
You
shine
like a bright morning star.
Jesus,
what a wonder you are.
you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus,
you always hear me when I call.
you lift me up each time I fall. You're
the sweetest,
sweetest name of all.
Jesus,
you're the sweetest name of all.
you always hear me when I call.
Jesus,
you lift me up each time I fall. You're
the sweetest,
sweetest name of all.
You're
the sweetest,
sweetest name of all.
Lord, you're so good.
Lord, you're so good. Lord, you're so
merciful and worthy to be praised.
Master, creator of everything.
Jesus,
you're the sweetest name of all.
you always hear me when I call.
Jesus,
you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest,
sweetest name
of all.
Father, we thank you
that you're the sweetest name of all.
Oh, Father, what can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh,
precious
is the flow
that
makes me white as snow.
No
other fount I know. It's nothing but
the blood of Jesus.
I sure love you,
too,
Father. I plead the blood.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
Thank you, Father, for the blood. For
there's power,
power, wonder-working
power in the blood
of the Lamb.
Oh, there is power, power,
wonder-working power.
I was going to sing this song
before.
You see how you get in the river?
I go by praying, singing first, and
then you jump in the river. People think
it's a microwave; it is not.
And you say,
"Jesus is coming
soon, morning or night or noon. Many
will meet their doom. Trumpets will
surely sound. All of the dead shall
rise. Righteous meet in the
sky. Going where no one dies. Heavenward bound."And Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will surely sound. All of the—my voice is too high. I'm going to hit it anyway. Do it. You think?
I think you can do it. Well, it's cracking already. Dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky. Going where no one dies. Heavenward bound. I did it. It didn't crack too much. Thank you, Lord, that
we're heaven-bound. Thank you, Lord, that Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will surely sound. All of the dead shall rise. The righteous will meet in the sky. Going where no one dies. Heavenward bound.
We believe, Father, that the soon coming
of the Lord Jesus Christ is coming.
That Jesus Christ is coming and he's
coming soon.
We believe, Father, that this is the
last generation that will not taste
death.
That we are that generation that will
see the coming of our King.
Oh Lord, we thank you, Lord, that your
word is true
and that there is an end to all of it.
Oh, the anointing just shifted.
That
Jesus is coming soon.
Beulah Land,
I am longing for you.
And someday
on thee I'll stand
where my home
shall be eternal
land.
Sweet
I'm kind of homesick
for a city
to which I've never
been before.
It's just a
few more days to live here.
I feel so
strong.
Just
a
few more days to live here.
And
I'm going to take my heavenly
flight.
I'm gonna take it.
I'm
longing
for
you.
And someday
on thee I'll stand.
Praise the Lord.
Sweet Beulah Land.
I believe with all my heart Jesus is
coming.
I just believe it.
I thank you Father for your presence.
I thank you, Father,
that you are more than able
to do everything that we need.
You've got it, Father.
For every person who has a need here,
I believe there's an expiration date to
that problem,
the breakthrough.
I believe
that
suddenly
it's time
for the body of Christ to walk in the
full manifestation of everything that
God has for them.
We lack no good thing.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
When the presence feels like this, I
don't really know what to do. I just sit
in quiet because he fills my whole house
and it just doesn't even feel like
you can say
anything.
Oh Father,
you inhabit the praises of your people.
Lord, we're here to help you.
Whatever we can do to pray
Jesus.
There's just something about
your name.
Master,
Savior,
Jesus,
like a fragrance
after
the rain.
Jesus,
Jesus.
Let all heaven
and earth
proclaim:
kings
and kingdoms
will all
pass away.
But there's something
about
your name,
Jesus.
Jesus,
There's just something
about
your
name,
Master,
Savior,
Jesus,
like a fragrance
after
the rain.
Father,
we're there.
We made it. I feel it.
We pushed.
We're
in your throne, Lord. And I feel
you.
We're there
now. Father, I thank you, Lord.
Pay attention
to the old ancient writings.
Pay attention to the old ancient
writings.
He's talking about what's on the walls,
for they've said it before in the past.
History repeats itself. Do you see that?
He's talking about the Nephilim.
He's talking about as in the days of
Noah.
He's talking about the lizard people
again
for
as in the days of Noah.
As in the days of Noah,
so will it be.
I remember that new heaven.
I remember the canopy that you'll
restore back, Lord.
I remember you show me that.
Oh, Father,
the water sphere with the
glowing stars and the beautiful sounds.
The very atmosphere vibrated
with life
before the flood.
You see
what I'm seeing?
It's coming. Okay. There's
levels. There's levels of this.
I see the cloud bank.
I'm going to describe it to
you as far as coming up higher out of
the turbulence of life and coming up
higher in your prayers.
Coming up above the cloud bank, coming
up higher. It's like
whenever a jet is flying and it's in
the clouds and it comes above them, and you
can look at all the clouds from the jet.
You look down out of the window and
all the clouds are down there; you
can even see
the people look like little
ants. The cars look like little
bitty things,
and
you come up higher out of that
turbulence.
You come up higher and
you
pierce that veil. You pierce it in
prayer.
It's by worship, by thanksgiving, and
you come into His throne room and you
come up out of that. That's what I'm
trying to tell you. Because all
this other
stuff—the
Supreme Court,
President Trump and praying for
him—all
this is down here. And as you
come up higher, you're able to see it
through the eagle eye.
Everything seems so much smaller
because everything is smaller down
there. You see,
as you look out from a jet,
everything's so much smaller. What was
so big in the natural eyes becomes so much
smaller the higher you go.
All your problems, the higher you
go, the smaller even the
fires
look.
No matter how much is going
on
down there, it could be war
below
you.
The higher you go, the smaller even
those tanks look.
Demonic turbulence—the higher you go,
the smaller everything
becomes
because you went up so high.
Even in your prayer life today,
the higher you go, the more of it you have,
and the smaller the
problems become
because you're so high with Him.
When you touch into that realm
of prayer,
when you go into that throne room, all
the world's turbulence, all the
stuff that you've overcome, it
falls off
because you're next to Him.
When you sit on His chest and you listen
to Him breathe,
the cares of this world melt away
when He inhales and
He exhales.
There's a place in God the devil dare
not go.
So, Father, as the eagle eye,
thank You, Lord, that You show us that
which is to come, that we are in Your
throne room,
standing with Your Son, making
intercession for the nations.
He's at the right hand of the Father,
making intercession for us.
Thank You,
Jesus,
for praying for me.
You lead, I follow. I see white roses
in a bouquet.
All of these white
roses are tightly together
in a bouquet.
They're not open; they're just
real tight.
And there's tulle around it. There's
tulle
around these white
roses,
like that beautiful
white lace.
It's wrapped around these white roses
and they're so tightly wound together.
Let me count them
in the vision.
The
Lord said, 'Don't count
them.'I'm
going to
say there's over 24. It would take
too much of your time. But they're all
in this thing, wrapped around
this lace, and it was presented.
I love how personal He is.
I love how personal our Father is. He pays
such
attention to detail.
Oh, how
He loves you and me.
He
gave His life;
what more could He give?
Oh, how He loves you.
It
is
beyond comprehension.
What are the flowers, Lord? Is it just a gift?
It looks
like wedding flowers.
They're
for the reception that I'm
having for you.
They're ready for the
reception.
Oh,
He's getting ready for our
reception—for
the marriage supper of the
Lamb,
the bride of Christ. Come.
It's time to come up higher.
It's time
to come up higher
with the fire.
It's
the greatest desire
for you to walk in the fire.
And I see the river flowing out of you.
I see a
river
flowing out of us. Out of your belly
shall flow rivers of living water.
And this looks like a river,
but the river is pure.
And the river looks like rapids.
It's flowing
like a
force coming out of you. Out of your
belly shall flow rivers of living
water—the
fountain
bubbling with
the river flow.
Let the holy river flow out of you
as you come up higher in the fire with
prayer.
It will not just be a little trickle
or
a little
stream. It will be
greater—the
rapids, the
greater the flow. The greater the Holy
Ghost flow of prayer.
Some of you just let a little stream flow,
'this little light of
mine'as
you said,
but it's a little stream.
But the higher you come in
prayer, the greater
the water flow.
Let the Holy Ghost flow. Let the Holy
Spirit flow.
He's
coming back so soon.
Hurry
fast.
Oh,
I have to say this: I see somebody's
doctor bills being supernaturally
paid off.
You had a major bill
for
surgery
or
medical bills.
And the Lord wants me to tell you
everything's going to be okay;
He's
going to pay that off.
Doctor bills supernaturally paid off
in
the name of Jesus. We thank You, Lord,
for
the
debt cancellation.
What would take years and years
to pay back, you owe
and
you
have a payment plan
and it's been a stress. Lord,
supernaturally,
you're going to get
debt relief, a debt cancellation.
Receive it in the name of Jesus. I see
it for you.
Hallelujah.
What would have been years of
payments, I thank You, Lord, that
the debt jubilee is
here
in
Jesus'name.
Finances from
favor in the name of Jesus with
the
system—it's
like $40,000.
Thank You, Father. What seemed to be
impossible, Father, You'll make
possible.
You provide the way.
You're the way maker,
Lord.
You know what's interesting about this
prayer time is I keep seeing
the wedding
and I see the hoopa again,
that marriage canopy
with the olive trees and the
olive
carvings.
You know what I'm talking about,
Braden?
The
hoopa.
hoopa
thing. I can see it
with the glory behind it again.
It's the marriage
hoopa
and it's plain, with this beautiful
olivewood
and the olive carvings. But
I see the flowers draped on this
thing, draped with
beautiful things
and
wrapped
with olive
leaves;
it's perfect.
Thank You, Father.
Oh, what You prepared for the church.
It's symbolic.
Oh, what He's planned for the church:
to walk in victory,
to walk in the glory, angelic aid and
assistance. I see a
gown
of
beautiful lace.
And I see the light,
and in Him there is no darkness at all.
Oh, I thank You, Father.
How beautiful
is the body of Christ.
Father, we just thank You for Your love,
for Your sweet
presence—a
break from all of the drama in this
world.
It's like you
get a break from the reality of what
you're going through. Sometimes you
just take the time and spend time
with him.
All the stuff, all the cares, all the
heaviness of this
life—being
an adult with bills and
all kinds of
things—you
walk through life and you
say, "God, there's just such a sweetness
in your
presence."In
his presence, there's fullness of
joy;
in his presence, there's fullness of
peace. And he just strips all that care.
You may have a little dirt smudged on your
face or
whatever is
going on with you; you just
sit at his feet and
he
washes your feet. He prepares a
table before you in the presence of your
enemies.
Everything that you have need of, he's
provided.
I walk through the valley of the shadow
of death, and I fear no evil,
for your rod and your staff, they
comfort me.
Father, all the stuff that's going on
with politics and with the judges,
Father, I thank you that you've got
this.
Regarding
the Supreme Court justices, Father,
we have favor
that you're working on their hearts even
tonight as they sleep, and that this
decision will be made by tomorrow.
Regarding
the politics, the
politicians, and all
that's
going on in America, I
pray
that they'll have the TSA opened up
before the Thanksgiving
holiday,
that every person will be safe, that the
believers will be safe,
and
that no calamity come nigh airports
Atlanta.
Atlanta just got highlighted to me.
We pray for safety around Atlanta and the Atlanta
airport.
I see turbulence at Atlanta
airport;
it was highlighted just then. I
saw it and the Lord said, "Pray
over Atlanta airport."We pray a hedge
around Atlanta airport against any kind
of terrorist attack,
bomb threats, or whatever it may
be. We pray a hedge of protection
around the travelers in Atlanta and over
the flights coming to and from Atlanta
airport.
We cover them in a special cover. We
thank you, Lord, that over every airport
and
over the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade,
we pray a hedge of protection
right now
in the name of Jesus. And we thank you,
Lord, that every plot, every plan,
and
every kind of evil action or
evildoer
will be found and brought to justice in
the name of Jesus. We pray a hedge of
protection all around Macy's and over the
Christmas tree lighting in Rockefeller
Center. We call a hedge of protection
around this, Father, for every plot,
every plan, every pursuit, and every kind of
terrorist attack.
Father, we cover
our nation in the name of Jesus. Against all
the secret communication with these SIM
cards, we call every one of them
uncovered and revealed in the name of
Jesus.
Over the football games,
travel
by car, or whatever, we thank you, Lord;
there's a divine protection over the
motorists,
over
the
Black Friday holiday shoppers,
and
during Christmas shopping.
Father, I thank you
at the malls
for
protection
against
mass
shootings.
We pray over the shoppers;
this is highlighted.
At the Mall of America
and
major malls,
pray over the shoppers when they're
distracted
for massive events.
The same
vigilantes
that were
trying to
go into gay bars
in Michigan
to have mass casualties on
Halloween—the
same pattern
is about greed.
It's on the pillars,
Braden;
it's on those pillars of the sins. Do
you
remember I said the pillars of the sins?
I saw it was about
gluttony and
slothfulness; it was all about the
seven deadly sins.
It was five for sure
and it went in a pyramid.
But they're riding
on the coattails of greed.
This is how they're attacking in the
spirit realm.
I see those pyramids again
that were coming off of it with the
seven deadly sins.
It goes in a pyramid,
and
it went jealousy,
lust, and greed.
This is concerning Black
Friday greed.
So
we call every plot and every mass casualty
attempt
to disrupt our nation on
Black Friday uncovered. We uncover every demonic
plot concerning Black Friday, the malls,
Walmarts, Targets,
Best Buy, and all the major shopping areas.
We call every plot and plan in the
name of Jesus uncovered. I thank you, Lord, that
they would give themselves away on
chatter.
Our law
enforcement from the FBI and Homeland Security
will catch any person with any kind of plot
or
plan for mass casualties in the
name of Jesus on Black Friday.
From sea to shining sea, from Canada to
the Gulf, we say in the name of Jesus,
every plot and plan be uncovered
across this land
and
in Washington, D.C.
It's focused around Thanksgiving
and
over Veterans Day on Monday.
We pray over Veterans Day;
it will soon be like popcorn.
We call every plot and plan
over semi-trucks; I
see semi-trucks
again.
They
are
using cars as
a battering ram,
driving into crowds
like they did, trying
to use their car as a weapon.
Father, I thank you
that
the trucks and the vans like the
Timothy McVeigh one have not been found.
I still see
the vans and the trucks like
Timothy McVeigh.
Every plot across this
nation
for Black Friday to Thanksgiving,
all the major gatherings,
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade,
New Year's Eve, and every
single major gathering
in the traveling industry,
we
thank you for
a covering.
Even in Salt Lake City,
Father, I thank you, Lord, for
a
covering
because of the Mormons
in that area.
There's something about Utah;
it's highlighted.
It goes clear up into Seattle; I'm
talking about mass events. We
call every mass event
and
every planned attack from all
around this nation to be uncovered in
the name of Jesus and brought to
justice.
They will not do this in Las
Vegas; we will not
stand for it as the church. We
plead the blood and
we have angels'aid and assistance
over this nation,
over our travel, and over our airlines.
We cover our airlines in the blood
in the name of Jesus.
From Oklahoma City to
Atlanta to Texas, we thank
you, Lord, that there's covering over
our airways.
We call them to pass a decent budget
and for this to stop now in the name of Jesus,
and for the Supreme Court justices to line up
and get the money flowing.
I saw
a
mass exodus
of
people leaving New York by the
droves.
Soon it will be
Philadelphia
and Boston and these other areas.
It's
like you
get
a break
from
the reality
of
what
you're
going
through. Sometimes you just take the time and spend time with him. All the stuff, all the cares, all the heaviness of this life—being an adult with bills and all kinds of things—you walk through life and you say, "God, there's just
such a sweetness in your presence."In his presence,
there's fullness of joy; in his presence, there's
fullness of peace. And he just strips
all that
care.
You may
have
a
little dirt
smudged
on your
face
or
whatever
is
going on with you; you just sit at his feet and he washes your feet. He prepares
a table before you in the presence of your enemies. Everything that you have
need of, he's provided. I walk through the valley of the shadow of death,
and I fear no evil, for your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
Father,
all
the
stuff
that's
going on with politics and with the judges, Father, I thank you that you've got this. Regarding the Supreme Court justices, Father, we have favor that you're working on their hearts even tonight as they sleep, and that this decision will be made by tomorrow. Regarding the politics, the politicians, and all that's going on in America, I pray that they'll have the TSA opened up before the Thanksgiving holiday, that every person will be safe, that the believers will be safe, and that no calamity come nigh airports and Atlanta. Atlanta just got highlighted to me. We pray for safety around Atlanta and the Atlanta airport. I see turbulence at Atlanta airport; it was highlighted just then. I saw it and the Lord said, "Pray over Atlanta airport."We pray a hedge around Atlanta airport against any kind of terrorist attack, bomb threats, or whatever it
may be. We pray a hedge of protection around the travelers in Atlanta and over the flights coming to and from Atlanta airport. We cover them in a special cover. We thank you, Lord, that over every airport and over the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, we pray a hedge of protection right now in the name of Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan, and every kind of evil action or evildoer will be found and brought to justice in the name of Jesus. We pray a hedge of protection all around Macy's and over the Christmas tree lighting in Rockefeller Center. We call a hedge of protection around this, Father, for every plot, every plan, every pursuit, and every kind of terrorist attack. Father, we cover our nation in the name of Jesus. Against all the secret communication with
these SIM cards, we call every one of them uncovered and revealed in the name of Jesus. Over the football games, travel by car, or whatever, we thank you, Lord; there's a divine protection over the motorists, over the Black Friday holiday shoppers, and during Christmas shopping. Father, I thank you at the malls for protection against mass shootings. We pray over the shoppers; this is highlighted. At the Mall of America and major malls, pray over the shoppers when they're distracted for massive events. The same vigilantes
that were trying to go into gay bars in Michigan to have mass casualties on Halloween—the same pattern is about greed. It's on the pillars, Braden; it's on those pillars of the sins. Do you remember I said the pillars of the sins? I saw it was about gluttony and slothfulness; it was all about the seven deadly sins. It was five for sure and it went in a pyramid. But they're riding on the coattails of greed. This is how they're attacking in the spirit realm.
I see those pyramids again that were coming off of it with the seven deadly sins. It goes in a pyramid, and it went jealousy, lust, and greed. This is concerning Black Friday greed. So we call every plot and every mass casualty attempt to disrupt our nation on Black Friday uncovered. We uncover every demonic plot concerning Black Friday, the malls, Walmarts, Targets, Best Buy, and all the major shopping areas. We call every plot and plan in the name of Jesus uncovered. I thank you, Lord, that they would give themselves away on chatter. Our law enforcement from the FBI and Homeland Security will catch any person with any kind of plot or plan for mass casualties in the name of Jesus on Black Friday. From sea to shining sea, from Canada to the Gulf, we say in the name of Jesus, every plot and plan be uncovered across this land and in Washington, D.C. It's focused around Thanksgiving and over Veterans Day on Monday. We pray over Veterans Day; it will soon be like popcorn. We call every plot and plan over semi-trucks; I see semi-trucks again. They are using cars as a battering ram, driving into crowds like they did, trying to use their car as a weapon. Father, I thank you that the trucks and the vans like the Timothy McVeigh one have not been found. I still see the vans and the trucks like Timothy McVeigh. Every plot across this nation for Black Friday to Thanksgiving, all the major gatherings, Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, New Year's Eve, and every single major gathering in the traveling industry, we thank you for a covering. Even in Salt Lake City, Father, I thank you, Lord, for a covering because of the Mormons in that area. There's something about Utah; it's highlighted. It goes clear up into Seattle; I'm talking about mass events. We call every mass event and every planned attack from all around this nation to be uncovered in the name of Jesus and brought to justice. They will not do this in Las Vegas; we will not stand for it as the church. We plead the blood and we have angels'aid and assistance over this nation, over our travel, and over our airlines. We cover our airlines in the blood in the name of Jesus. From Oklahoma City to Atlanta to Texas, we thank you, Lord, that there's covering over our airways. We call them to pass a decent budget and for this to stop now in the name of Jesus, and for the Supreme Court justices to line up and get the money flowing. I saw a mass exodus of people
leaving
New York
by
the
droves.
Soon
it
will
be
Philadelphia
and
Boston
these
other
areas.
He's getting ready
for the banquet. Jesus is getting
ready to come for his church. I'm
telling you, it's time for you to sell
out to Jesus.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your
Lord and personal Savior, do not go
another day without knowing him.
Do not go another day without knowing
him.
Does he know you?
If you were to die tonight, where would
you spend eternity?
Or if the rapture of the church was
coming, where would you spend
the seven years of tribulation?
Are you ready for the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ?
Well, you say, "Brendon, I'm
not."Well,
tonight you can be.
I want to lead you in a simple prayer.
But first, I want to ask you: if you were
to die tonight, where would you spend
eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun. Where would you spend eternity
tonight? If you were to die,
where would you spend it?
I want you to be bold about your
decision and what you're about to do.
I want you to tell us in the comment
section right now, "I need to be
saved."As
I see the fires burning across the
land, as I see Europe
on fire, as I see the Vatican on
fire—they're
burning the Vatican,
right?—and
when I see it, I see earthquakes in
diverse places. I see volcanoes
erupting.
I see all these things taking place. But
I believe
that we're just on the cusp of it.
I believe that we're not appointed
unto
wrath. And I believe that if you're a
born-again
Christian, you can
escape all that.
But you have to know my friend Jesus
tonight. I want you to make a decision.
Will you spend eternity with him or are you
going to go to hell?
I want you to be bold about it.
Jesus was bold about his death and
he died in front of everybody.
He died for you. He died for me. He died
publicly. But I want you to make a
public declaration tonight: "I want to be
saved."And
I want you to put in the
comment
section—right
now
is
your opportunity to
come down to the front. It's the altar,
the place of death. I want you to
come down there and I want you to
accept right now by saying it on the
screen right now, "I want to be
saved."And
if tonight's your night,
if you feel that
inside, that stirring, you feel
that it's Jesus. It's the Holy Spirit
drawing you. It says, "No man comes to
the father unless he calls him,
unless he draws him."And tonight, I
believe you're being drawn right now.
You have an opportunity to accept, my
friend.
Don't go another day. The very shoes you
put on to go to work, the undertaker
might be taking them off. We are not
promised tomorrow.
Don't fool yourself.
It's the devil that tries to tell you,
"Oh, you can do that later
on."But
you may not have tomorrow. You may
die in a car accident. You might have a
massive heart attack. You don't know.
But I know that today, right now, is the
time of salvation.
Don't go another day without knowing
where you'll spend eternity.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer
with you.
And I want those who mean it,
those who radically want to be
saved right now, to mean it
with your whole heart.
And I want you to say it with your whole
heart and confess your
sin. And I want you to get radical with
Jesus.
And I'm going to say the simple prayer
right now. And you may have known him
before in the past, but you turned your
back on him. You may be a
backsliding
Christian. You're here tonight because
you feel something. You're hungry.
You're like, "Man, I just want a clean
start."You
say, "Tonight is my
night. I'm coming back to Jesus.
Tonight's my night. I'm coming
home."I
turned my back on the Lord. He never
turned his back on me, but I did
on
him. And I went back to doing what I used
to do. But tonight, I'm making a brand
new start.
And I want you to say it with me boldly:
"Jesus,"say
it right now. Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner
and I need a savior.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my
sins.
Wash me.
Cleanse me.
Tonight's my night, Lord.
I'm coming to you and I'm
asking you to wash me and cleanse me
from my sins.
I
need you. I need a savior.
I turn my back on the world. I
turn
my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And Jesus, from this day forward, I'm sold
out to you.
From this day forward, Lord, I
will serve you.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven
me.
Thank you, Lord, that you said in your
word that you would write my name in the
Lamb's Book of Life.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're
writing
my name in that right now.
And I thank you that from this day
forward,
I'll serve you forevermore.
I'm saved.
I'm born again.
And I love you, Jesus.
Amen and
amen."I
believe if you just said that prayer,
you just sealed your
ticket. You're a born-again Christian. I
believe that today you
were
created in Christ Jesus. "Behold, I make
all things new"is what the Lord said
he'd do for you. The moment you confess
your sins, he is faithful and just to
forgive you of your sins and cleanse you
of all unrighteousness. I believe that
today you just got born again.
Now,
welcome to the family. Welcome to the
family. Now, what do you do? You find a
Bible-believing church that is
non-denominational, which is where
Diana
and I would go, and get plugged in there
and tell that pastor, "I need to be
water baptized."I need to get water
baptized. Go there, get water baptized,
and read your Bible, pray, and find
fellowship there. Go on Wednesdays,
Sundays, wherever you need,
when they have the doors open, just get
there and get plugged in and you'll
know how to stand strong against the
devil.
Come here and pray with us. It's
simple. It's pretty easy. You just
follow him. And if you
fall down and you skin your knees with
sin again, you run to God when you sin.
You don't run from him. You run to him. And
the moment you confess it is not
whenever the Lord found out about it.
It's when you got forgiven of
it. It's washed away. He said, "Hey, I
don't
even—"I
said you got rid of it.
You got rid of it.
And so, hey,
we want to celebrate you
by giving you your first free Bible.
We want to bless you with a Bible. If
you just
go into the
description of this YouTube
video, you'll find our email address.
And then if you just
put in the title, "I can't afford a
Bible, I just got saved,"and put your
name and address, we will get one in
the mail to you. And we're so excited,
just because we want to
celebrate your decision tonight. But I'm
telling you, 85 of you just gave your
heart to Jesus Christ. And we rejoice
for every single one of you. And we're
so grateful that you were here tonight
so late. But we're looking in, and what
the Lord has allowed me to do is he
gave
me a gift of seeing into things.
And I'm so grateful as a watchman
to be able to come on and tell you all
that Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and
gentlemen. And I believe that
the best is yet to come for the
church. But he's letting us see a little
glimpse into the tribulation tonight.
And I tell you, you couldn't pay me
a billion dollars to want to be in the
tribulation.
Man, I'm telling you, Jesus paid the price
for every single one of you to walk in
victory. And I'm so thankful that you
said the sinner's prayer, all 85 of you.
I believe it with all my heart: we're
not appointed
unto
wrath. Jesus Christ paid
the price for us to walk in victory, and
he did it. And I believe
we're the great restrainer, and the
Antichrist is getting ready.
Everything is about to—it's getting set
up, but we have, I believe, the
greatest harvest of souls this world has
ever seen right at our doorstep
and he's preparing us. And so we
want to say we love y'all. Thank you
for joining us to all you that got born
again tonight. And I'm so grateful that
you came here and gave your heart to
Jesus Christ. So, is the comment section
excited about that? 85 people gave their
heart to Jesus Christ tonight. Glory to
God. Hallelujah. That's awesome.
I felt a pull on that.
That's awesome, huh, baby? It's wonderful.
All glory to Jesus. All
of
heaven is rejoicing.
All glory to Jesus.
And tell of his love, his wonderful love.
We give all the glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful love.
So,
could you all do us a favor? Now,
if you're new here and you're not
subscribed, please click the subscribe
button. It's simple. It's
free. It doesn't cost you a dime.
Please subscribe. If you haven't
subscribed already, please subscribe to
our channel. Click the notification
bell. Click the like button.
Comment something nice down below and
help us with the algorithm. We believe
that we're up to 580,000 people.
580,089.
So we give God glory for that. We're
almost to 600,000 people.
That's
a
lot
of prayers.
That's a lot of prayer partners.
We believe the Lord has called us
to raise up a
million-man
and women prayer army. That's right.
All for the glory of God for a
million-man
and women prayer army for the last
days. And that's what we do. We pray
every day. We try to at least, and
we're doing pretty good about it.
All to Jesus. So we're almost
at
580,100.
All glory to Jesus. And it
keeps going. So, we keep trying. We keep
pushing, believing for a million. He
said to believe for a million.
So,
it's been work, but we're getting
there. So, around 192 almost. We're
almost around 101. So, thank you for all
those that just subscribed.
Yes. And every single one of you, we
want you to know how much we appreciate
you and how much your prayers help us to
push. And it matters. You count.
Every single one of you matters, and you
are making a huge impact on the
kingdom of God.
We're so thankful for you, and
we don't take it lightly.
We don't. The Lord has put us on.
We pray for each and every one of you
every single day.
It's wonderful.
I was just saying we so
appreciate every single one of
you—all
580,092,
which he has the number right there.
Every single one of you, we are so
thankful for you. We pray for you each
and every day and we want you to
know how much we appreciate you and
your prayers matter. Every single one of
you is helping us make a huge impact
in the kingdom of God. And
so all of us together, all of our
prayers, it's like many hands make light
work. And so
every time you tune in, every single
time, know that we are
kicking the devil's butt and we are
taking the kingdom for Jesus. So
I just want to let you know how
much we love you and how much we
appreciate you, and we don't take it
lightly.
He has my size 12 right up the side of
his butt cheek.
People go, "Oh, you disrespect the devil."He doesn't
deserve any
respect.
He betrayed my father.
He betrayed my father. How could you
ever respect that devil? People say, "You don't
need to say that."No, no, no. He is a
loser.
Anybody that would be
who he was to the Lord and think
he could exalt himself above God is a
loser. He's an idiot.
There's no one that's ever going to
exalt himself above God. He will share
his glory with no one.
He is
supreme,
worthy to be praised. He is our
father
and he is awesome.
So, and all 6,300 of you that are still
here right now,
we know that
you're all in.
All in at this time of night,
at midnight. These are
radical prayer warriors at this time of
night. So, how many of y'all are
out there? 6,200 people. You're radical
out there. You're like, "Man,
we're burning the midnight oil up in
here."We're
praying for the nations and
for revival and for the greatest
outpouring
kind of
people.
This isn't it fun?
I love praying at night like this. I
know a lot of you got to go to work.
Wonderful.
But
I just know it's just like
having a slumber party.
We're
just
praying.
We
got our comfy thing on. We're
talking about Jesus. And we're
excited about the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ.
Yes,
I'm always ready.
But don't you believe it?
You can feel it. You can sense it.
And we pray over the Christmas
shoppers.
I hate saying holiday
shoppers. It's Christmas. I always
say Merry Christmas.
Even when they say happy holidays,
I'm like, "Sorry,
it's not Happy Holidays.
It's Merry Christmas."Merry Christmas.
Well, you were quiet all night. I
just prayed. I pulled you
out of Kathryn Kuhlman and I said, "You
got to come over here and help me
out."So,
she loves Kathryn Kuhlman.
I do.
She listens to Kathryn Kuhlman a lot. Searching
or
sometimes the Holy Spirit leads me in
another
direction, but today it's Kathryn
Kuhlman—this
week it's been a lot of
Kathryn Kuhlman.
And who was the other one?
Corrie ten Boom. I've been listening
to her a lot lately. And I always
listen to Billy Burke.
Oh, I love Billy Burke.
We don't miss Billy Burke.
Especially when he's
going to Michigan
this weekend and I am excited. We
watch all his live services.
He's having his
live services in Michigan. And if you're in
Michigan and you are able to get over
there to his meetings,
go and be a part of those. There
are
two services.
And I'm telling you, if I lived in
Michigan, that's where I'd be.
I love going and watching those.
Go and be a part of those services and
support him.
I always try to. Brandon had his
first service tonight again in Montecito
and he gave me his... listen... he's going to
have another service. You know when I
told you about Brandon Brim,
he
has a 7 o'clock and I forgot to talk about
it tonight but he had a service tonight
at 7 o'clock at Montecito Library.
Here you can see the address:
1469 East
Valley Road, Montecito, California
93108.
And it was at 7:00 p.m.
tonight.
It was tonight, but he's
going to do it again in December.
December 4th
is the next.
He's going to have another service. And
then in January, he's going to start
doing it every single week.
From
what I understand,
it says going weekly early 2026.
And it's called His Name Church
Montecito. And this young man is on fire
for Jesus. And if you live in
the
Montecito area and you're looking for a
church that's going to be radical and
walks in the fruits and the gifts of the
Spirit,
this young man Brandon is...
he's
able to see like me
and he's able to see over and he
talks about it and he walks in words of
knowledge and things like that. So
I'm
telling you I wouldn't lead you astray
if you live in that area. This
kid... he is 30-some years
old and he is on fire for Jesus.
I would support him and his wife
Destiny.
They're
going to have it at this thing
called His Name Church in Montecito. So
God put it on his heart to start it. And
if you live in that area, go and support
that on December 4th.
He said two families, I think.
All glory to Jesus. We're
excited to be able to support people if
they have a heart for Jesus
and they're hungry.
Brandon Brimm,
Billye's
grandson.
Not Billye's boy—Billye's grandson.
Not Billy Boy; that's Chip.
We love you all. Paisley wants
to say hi. Hi, everybody!
All right, we are so excited. Thank
you for coming and supporting us tonight,
praying, and being here. All your
chat things, your
gifts—what
are those things called?
Super Thanks and all that. Thank you for
your Super Thanks
and the other gifts you send.
You are amazing
people. They
look
at our description;
they're so
kind. Thank you. We close
out by saying this: put a smile on your
face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much, and we love you. God bless
you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.
85 people gave their hearts to Jesus.
Is that awesome?